---
layout: ../layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro
---

# Bonterms Cloud Terms (Version 1.0)

**1. The Agreement**. The Bonterms Cloud Terms are standardized terms for use of
cloud services. To use the Bonterms Cloud Terms, Customer and Provider complete
and execute a Cover Page that specifies Key Terms, Attachments (such as a
Support Policy or Data Protection Addendum) and any Additional Terms.
Collectively, the Bonterms Cloud Terms, Cover Page and any Orders form the
parties’ agreement (“**Agreement**”). Conflicts between parts of the Agreement
are governed by Section 22.5 (Order of Precedence). Capitalized terms are
defined in context or in Section 23 (Definitions).

**2. Cloud Service**. Subject to this Agreement, Customer may use the Cloud
Service for its own business purposes during each Subscription Term
(“**Permitted Use**”). This includes the right to copy and use the Provider
Software (if any) and Documentation as part of Customer’s Permitted Use.
Customer will comply with the Documentation in using the Cloud Service.

**3. Users**. Customer may permit Users to use the Cloud Service on its behalf.
Customer is responsible for provisioning and managing its User accounts, for its
Users’ actions through the Cloud Service and for their compliance with this
Agreement. Customer will ensure that Users keep their login credentials
confidential and will promptly notify Provider upon learning of any compromise
of User accounts or credentials.

**4. Affiliates**. Customer’s Affiliates may serve as Users under this
Agreement. Alternatively, Customer’s Affiliates may enter into their own Orders
as mutually agreed with Provider, which creates a separate agreement between
each such Affiliate and Provider incorporating this Agreement with the Affiliate
treated as “Customer”. Neither Customer nor any Customer Affiliate has any
rights under each other’s separate agreement with Provider, and breach or
termination of any such separate agreement affects only that agreement.

**5. Data**.

**5.1.** Use of Customer Data. Subject to this Agreement, Provider will access
and use Customer Data solely to provide and maintain the Cloud Service, Support
and Professional Services under this Agreement (“**Use of Customer Data**”). Use
of Customer Data includes sharing Customer Data as Customer directs through the
Cloud Service, but Provider will not otherwise disclose Customer Data to third
parties except as permitted in this Agreement.

**5.2.** Security. Provider will implement and maintain the **Security
Measures** identified on the Cover Page. If no Security Measures are identified,
Provider will use appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to
prevent unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure of Customer Data.

**5.3**. DPA. The parties will adhere to the **Data Protection Addendum**
(**DPA**), if any, identified on the Cover Page.

**5.4.** Usage Data. Provider may collect Usage Data and use it to operate,
improve and support the Cloud Service and for other lawful business purposes,
including benchmarking and reports. However, Provider will not disclose Usage
Data externally unless it is (a) de-identified so that it does not identify
Customer, its Users or any other person and (b) aggregated with data across
other customers.

**6. Mutual Compliance with Laws**. Each party will comply with all Laws that
apply to its performance under this Agreement.

**7. Support and SLA**.

**7.1**. Support. Provider will provide Support for the Cloud Service as
described in the **Support Policy** on the Cover Page. If no Support Policy is
identified, Provider will provide Support for the Cloud Service consistent with
industry-standards and its general business practices.

**7.2**. SLA. Provider will adhere to the **Service Level Agreement** (**SLA**)
identified on the Cover Page. If no SLA is identified, Provider will use
commercially reasonable efforts to make the Cloud Service available for
Customer’s use 99.9% of the time in each month.

**8. Warranties**.

**8.1.** Mutual Warranties. Each party represents and warrants that:

(a) it has the legal power and authority to enter into this Agreement, and

(b) it will use industry-standard measures to avoid introducing Viruses into the
Cloud Service.

**8.2.** Additional Provider Warranties. Provider warrants that:

(a) the Cloud Service will perform materially as described in the Documentation
and Provider will not materially decrease the overall functionality of the Cloud
Service during a Subscription Term (the “**Performance Warranty**”), and

(b) any Professional Services will be provided in a professional and workmanlike
manner (the “**Professional Services Warranty**”).

**8.3.** Warranty Remedy. Provider will use reasonable efforts to correct a
verified breach of the Performance Warranty or Professional Services Warranty
reported by Customer. If Provider fails to do so within 30 days after Customer’s
warranty report (“**Fix Period**”), then either party may terminate the Order as
relates to the non-conforming Cloud Service or Professional Services, in which
case Provider will refund to Customer any pre-paid, unused fees for the
terminated portion of the Subscription Term (for the Performance Warranty) or
for the non-conforming Professional Services (for the Professional Services
Warranty). To receive these remedies, Customer must report a breach of warranty
in reasonable detail within 30 days after discovering the issue in the Cloud
Service or 30 days after delivery of the relevant Professional Services
(“**Claim Period**”). These procedures are Customer’s exclusive remedies and
Provider’s sole liability for breach of the Performance Warranty or Professional
Services Warranty.

**8.4.** Disclaimers. **Except as expressly set out in this Agreement, each
party disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or
otherwise, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, title and noninfringement. Provider’s warranties in this Section 8 do
not apply to issues arising from Third Party Platforms or misuse or unauthorized
modifications of the Cloud Service. These disclaimers apply to the full extent
permitted by Law.**

**9. Usage Rules**.

**9.1**. Compliance. Customer (a) will comply with any **Acceptable Use Policy**
(**AUP**) identified on the Cover Page and (b) represents and warrants that it
has all rights necessary to use Customer Data with the Cloud Service and grant
Provider the rights to Customer Data specified in this Agreement, without
violating third-party intellectual property, privacy or other rights. Between
the parties, Customer is responsible for the content and accuracy of Customer
Data.

**9.2.** High Risk Activities & Sensitive Data. Customer:

(a) will not use the Cloud Service for High Risk Activities,

(b) will not submit Sensitive Data to the Cloud Service, and

(c) acknowledges that the Cloud Service is not designed for (and Provider has no
liability for) use prohibited in this Section 9.2.

**9.3.** Restrictions. Customer will not and will not permit anyone else to: (a)
sell, sublicense, distribute or rent the Cloud Service (in whole or part), grant
non-Users access to the Cloud Service or use the Cloud Service to provide a
hosted or managed service to others, (b) reverse engineer, decompile or seek to
access the source code of the Cloud Service, except to the extent these
restrictions are prohibited by Laws and then only upon advance notice to
Provider, (c) copy, modify, create derivative works of or remove proprietary
notices from the Cloud Service, (d) conduct security or vulnerability tests of
the Cloud Service, interfere with its operation or circumvent its access
restrictions or (e) use the Cloud Service to develop a product that competes
with the Cloud Service.

**10. Third-Party Platforms**. Customer may choose to enable integrations or
exchange Customer Data with Third-Party Platforms. Customer’s use of a
Third-Party Platform is governed by its agreement with the relevant provider,
not this Agreement, and Provider is not responsible for Third-Party Platforms or
how their providers use Customer Data.

**11. Professional Services**. Provider will perform Professional Services as
described in an Order or Statement of Work, which may identify additional terms
or milestones for the Professional Services. Customer will give Provider timely
access to Customer Materials reasonably needed for Professional Services, and
Provider will use the Customer Materials only for purposes of providing
Professional Services. Subject to any limits in an Order or Statement of Work,
Customer will reimburse Provider’s reasonable travel and lodging expenses
incurred in providing Professional Services. Customer may use code or other
deliverables that Provider furnishes as part of Professional Services only in
connection with Customer’s authorized use of the Cloud Service under this
Agreement.

**12. Fees.**

**12.1.** Payment. Customer will pay the fees described in the Order. Unless the
Order states otherwise, all amounts are due within 30 days after the invoice
date (the “**Payment Period**”). Late payments are subject to a charge of 1.5%
per month or the maximum amount allowed by Law, whichever is less. All fees and
expenses are non-refundable except as expressly set out in this Agreement.

**12.2.** Taxes. Customer is responsible for any sales, use, GST, value-added,
withholding or similar taxes or levies that apply to its Orders, whether
domestic or foreign (“**Taxes**”), other than Provider’s income tax. Fees and
expenses are exclusive of Taxes.

**12.3.** Payment Disputes. If Customer disputes an invoice in good faith, it
will notify Provider within the Payment Period and the parties will seek to
resolve the dispute over a 15-day discussion period. Customer is not required to
pay disputed amounts during the discussion period, but will timely pay all
undisputed amounts. After the discussion period, either party may pursue any
available remedies.

**13. Suspension**. Provider may suspend Customer’s access to the Cloud Service
and related services due to a Suspension Event, but where practicable will give
Customer prior notice so that Customer may seek to resolve the issue and avoid
suspension. Provider is not required to give prior notice in exigent
circumstances or for a suspension made to avoid material harm or violation of
Law. Once the Suspension Event is resolved, Provider will promptly restore
Customer’s access to the Cloud Service in accordance with this Agreement.
“**Suspension Event**” means (a) Customer’s account is 30 days or more overdue,
(b) Customer is in breach of Section 9 (Usage Rules) or (c) Customer’s use of
the Cloud Service risks material harm to the Cloud Service or others.

**14. Term and Termination.**

**14.1.** Subscription Terms. Each **Subscription Term** will last for an
initial 12-month period unless the Order states otherwise. Each Subscription
Term will renew for successive periods unless (a) the parties agree on a
different renewal Order or (b) either party notifies the other of non-renewal at
least 30 days prior to the end of the current Subscription Term.

**14.2.** Term of Agreement. This Agreement starts on the **Effective Date** and
continues until the end of all Subscription Terms, unless sooner terminated in
accordance with its terms. If no Subscription Term is in effect, either party
may terminate this Agreement for any or no reason with notice to the other
party.

**14.3.** Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement (including all
Subscription Terms) if the other party (a) fails to cure a material breach of
this Agreement within 30 days after notice, (b) ceases operation without a
successor or (c) seeks protection under a bankruptcy, receivership, trust deed,
creditors’ arrangement, composition or comparable proceeding, or if such a
proceeding is instituted against that party and not dismissed within 60 days.

**14.4.** Data Export & Deletion.

(a) During a Subscription Term, Customer may export Customer Data from the Cloud
Service (or Provider will otherwise make the Customer Data available to
Customer) as described in the Documentation.

(b) After termination or expiration of this Agreement, within 60 days of
request, Provider will delete Customer Data and each party will delete any
Confidential Information of the other in its possession or control.

(c) Nonetheless, the recipient may retain Customer Data or Confidential
Information in accordance with its standard backup or record retention policies
or as required by Law, subject to Section 5.2 (Security), Section 18
(Confidentiality) and any DPA.

**14.5.** Effect of Termination.

(a) Customer’s right to use the Cloud Service, Support and Professional Services
will cease upon any termination or expiration of this Agreement, subject to this
Section 14.

(b) The following Sections will survive expiration or termination of this
Agreement: 5.4 (Usage Data), 8.4 (Disclaimers), 9 (Usage Rules), 12.1 (Payment)
(for amounts then due), 12.2 (Taxes), 14.4 (Data Export & Deletion), 14.5
(Effect of Termination), 15 (Intellectual Property), 16 (Limitations of
Liability), 17 (Indemnification), 18 (Confidentiality), 19 (Required
Disclosures), 22 (General Terms) and 23 (Definitions).

(c) Except where an exclusive remedy is provided, exercising a remedy under this
Agreement, including termination, does not limit other remedies a party may
have.

**15. Intellectual Property**.

**15.1.** Reserved Rights. Neither party grants the other any rights or licenses
not expressly set out in this Agreement. Except for Provider’s express rights in
this Agreement, as between the parties, Customer retains all intellectual
property and other rights in Customer Data and Customer Materials provided to
Provider. Except for Customer’s express rights in this Agreement, as between the
parties, Provider and its licensors retain all intellectual property and other
rights in the Cloud Service, Professional Services deliverables and related
Provider technology.

**15.2.** Feedback. If Customer gives Provider feedback regarding improvement or
operation of the Cloud Service, Support or Professional Services, Provider may
use the feedback without restriction or obligation. All feedback is provided “AS
IS” and Provider will not publicly identify Customer as the source of feedback
without Customer’s permission.

**16. Limitations of Liability**.

**16.1.** General Cap. **Each party’s entire liability arising out of or related
to this Agreement will not exceed the General Cap.**

**16.2.** Consequential Damages Waiver. **Neither party will have any liability
arising out of or related to this Agreement for indirect, special, incidental,
reliance or consequential damages or damages for loss of use, lost profits or
interruption of business, even if informed of their possibility in advance.**

**16.3.** Exceptions and Enhanced Cap. **Sections 16.1 (General Cap) and 16.2
(Consequential Damages Waiver) will not apply to Enhanced Claims or Uncapped
Claims. For all Enhanced Claims, each party’s entire liability will not exceed
the Enhanced Cap.**

**16.4.** Nature of Claims. The waivers and limitations in this Section 16 apply
regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort (including
negligence), strict liability or otherwise and will survive and apply even if
any limited remedy in this Agreement fails of its essential purpose.

**16.5.** Liability Definitions.The following definitions apply unless modified
on the Cover Page.

“**Enhanced Cap**” means three times (3x) the General Cap.

“**Enhanced Claims**” means Provider’s breach of Section 5.2 (Security) or
either party’s breach of Section 5.3 (DPA).

“**General Cap**” means amounts paid or payable by Customer to Provider under
this Agreement in the 12 months immediately preceding the first incident giving
rise to liability.

“**Uncapped Claims**” means (a) the indemnifying party’s obligations under
Section 17 (Indemnification), (b) either party’s infringement or
misappropriation of the other party’s intellectual property rights, (c) any
breach of Section 18 (Confidentiality), excluding breaches related to Customer
Data and (d) liabilities that cannot be limited by Law.

**17. Indemnification.**

**17.1.** Indemnification by Provider. Provider, at its own cost, will defend
Customer from and against any Provider-Covered Claims and will indemnify and
hold harmless Customer from and against any damages or costs awarded against
Customer (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) or agreed in settlement by
Provider resulting from the Provider-Covered Claims.

**17.2.** Indemnification by Customer. Customer, at its own cost, will defend
Provider from and against any Customer-Covered Claims and will indemnify and
hold harmless Provider from and against any damages or costs awarded against
Provider (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) or agreed in settlement by
Customer resulting from the Customer-Covered Claims.

**17.3.** Indemnification Definitions. The following definitions apply unless
modified on the Cover Page.

“**Customer-Covered Claim**” means a third-party claim arising from Customer’s
breach or alleged breach of Section 9.1 (Compliance) or 9.2 (High-Risk
Activities & Sensitive Data).

“**Provider-Covered Claim**” means a third-party claim that the Cloud Service,
when used by Customer as authorized in this Agreement, infringes or
misappropriates a third party’s intellectual property rights.

**17.4.** Procedures. The indemnifying party’s obligations in this Section 17
are subject to receiving from the indemnified party: (a) prompt notice of the
claim (but delayed notice will only reduce the indemnifying party’s obligations
to the extent it is prejudiced by the delay), (b) the exclusive right to control
the claim’s investigation, defense and settlement and (c) reasonable cooperation
at the indemnifying party’s expense. The indemnifying party may not settle a
claim without the indemnified party’s prior approval if settlement would require
the indemnified party to admit fault or take or refrain from taking any action
(except regarding use of the Cloud Service when Provider is the indemnifying
party). The indemnified party may participate in a claim with its own counsel at
its own expense.

**17.5.** Mitigation. In response to an infringement or misappropriation claim,
if required by settlement or injunction or as Provider determines necessary to
avoid material liability, Provider may: (a) procure rights for Customer’s
continued use of the Cloud Service, (b) replace or modify the allegedly
infringing portion of the Cloud Service to avoid infringement, without reducing
the Cloud Service’s overall functionality or (c) terminate the affected Order
and refund to Customer any pre-paid, unused fees for the terminated portion of
the Subscription Term.

**17.6.** Exceptions. Provider’s obligations in this Section 17 do not apply to
claims resulting from (a) modification or unauthorized use of the Cloud Service,
(b) use of the Cloud Service in combination with items not provided by Provider,
including Third-Party Platforms or (c) Provider Software other than the most
recent release, if Provider made available (at no additional charge) a newer
release that would avoid infringement.

**17.7.** Exclusive Remedy. **This Section 17 sets out the indemnified party’s
exclusive remedy and the indemnifying party’s sole liability regarding
third-party claims of intellectual property infringement or misappropriation
covered by this Section 17.**

**18. Confidentiality.**

**18.1.** Use and Protection. As recipient, each party will (a) use Confidential
Information only to fulfill its obligations and exercise its rights under this
Agreement, (b) not disclose Confidential Information to third parties without
the discloser’s prior approval, except as permitted in this Agreement and (c)
protect Confidential Information using at least the same precautions recipient
uses for its own similar information and no less than a reasonable standard of
care.

**18.2.** Permitted Disclosures. The recipient may disclose Confidential
Information to its employees, agents, contractors and other representatives
having a legitimate need to know (including, for Provider, the subcontractors
referenced in Section 22.10), provided it remains responsible for their
compliance with this Section 18 and they are bound to confidentiality
obligations no less protective than this Section 18.

**18.3.** Exclusions. These confidentiality obligations do not apply to
information that the recipient can document (a) is or becomes public knowledge
through no fault of the recipient, (b) it rightfully knew or possessed, without
confidentiality restrictions, prior to receipt from the discloser, (c) it
rightfully received from a third party without confidentiality restrictions or
(d) it independently developed without using or referencing Confidential
Information.

**18.4.** Remedies. Breach of this Section 18 may cause substantial harm for
which monetary damages are an insufficient remedy. Upon a breach of this
Section, the discloser is entitled to seek appropriate equitable relief,
including an injunction, in addition to other remedies.

**19. Required Disclosures**. The recipient may disclose Confidential
Information (including Customer Data) to the extent required by Laws. If
permitted by Law, the recipient will give the discloser reasonable advance
notice of the required disclosure and reasonably cooperate, at the discloser’s
expense, to obtain confidential treatment for the Confidential Information.

**20. Publicity**. Neither party may publicly announce this Agreement without
the other party’s prior approval or except as required by Laws.

**21. Trials and Betas**. Provider may offer optional Trials and Betas. Use of
Trials and Betas is permitted only for Customer’s internal evaluation during the
period designated by Provider on the Order (or if not designated, 30 days).
Either party may terminate Customer’s use of Trials and Betas at any time for
any reason. Trials and Betas may be inoperable, incomplete or include features
never released. **Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, Provider
offers no warranty, indemnity, SLA or Support for Trials and Betas and its
liability for Trials and Betas will not exceed US$1,000**.

**22. General Terms**.

**22.1.** Assignment. Neither party may assign this Agreement without the prior
consent of the other party, except that either party may assign this Agreement,
with notice to the other party, in connection with the assigning party’s merger,
reorganization, acquisition or other transfer of all or substantially all of its
assets or voting securities. Any non-permitted assignment is void. This
Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each party’s permitted
successors and assigns.

**22.2.** Governing Law and Courts. The **Governing Law** governs this Agreement
and any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement, without reference
to conflict of law rules. The parties will adjudicate any such action in the
**Courts** and each party consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of
the **Courts** for these purposes.

**22.3.** Notices.

(a) Except as set out in this Agreement, notices, requests and approvals under
this Agreement must be in writing to the addresses on the Cover Page and will be
deemed given: (1) upon receipt if by personal delivery, (2) upon receipt if by
certified or registered U.S. mail (return receipt requested), (3) one day after
dispatch if by a commercial overnight delivery or (4) upon delivery if by email.
Either party may update its address with notice to the other.

(b) Provider may also send operational notices through the Cloud Service.

**22.4.** Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the parties’ entire agreement
regarding its subject matter and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous
agreements regarding its subject matter. In this Agreement, headings are for
convenience only and “including” and similar terms are to be construed without
limitation. Excluding Orders, terms in business forms, purchase orders or quotes
used by either party will not amend or modify this Agreement; any such documents
are for administrative purposes only. This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts (including electronic copies and PDFs), each of which is deemed an
original and which together form one and the same agreement.

**22.5.** Order of Precedence. First any Additional Terms and then Attachments
will control in any conflict with these Bonterms Cloud Terms. An Order may not
modify any other part of the Agreement unless the Order specifically identifies
the provisions that it supersedes.

**22.6.** Amendments. Any amendments to this Agreement must be in writing and
signed by each party’s authorized representatives.

**22.7.** Operational Changes. With notice to Customer, Provider may modify the
**Support Policy**, **SLA** or **Security Measures** to reflect new features or
changing practices, but the modifications may not be retroactive or materially
decrease Provider’s overall obligations during a Subscription Term.

**22.8.** Waivers and Severability. Waivers must be signed by the waiving
party’s authorized representative and cannot be implied from conduct. If any
provision of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it will
be limited to the minimum extent necessary so the rest of this Agreement remains
in effect.

**22.9.** Force Majeure. Neither party is liable for a delay or failure to
perform this Agreement due to a Force Majeure. If a Force Majeure materially
adversely affects the Cloud Service for 15 or more consecutive days, either
party may terminate the affected Order(s) upon notice to the other and Provider
will refund to Customer any pre-paid, unused fees for the terminated portion of
the Subscription Term. However, this Section does not limit Customer’s
obligations to pay fees owed.

**22.10.** Subcontractors. Provider may use subcontractors and permit them to
exercise its rights and fulfill its obligations, but Provider remains
responsible for their compliance with this Agreement and for its overall
performance under this Agreement. This does not limit any additional terms for
subprocessors under a DPA.

**22.11.** Independent Contractors. The parties are independent contractors, not
agents, partners or joint venturers.

**22.12.** No Third-Party Beneficiaries. There are no third-party beneficiaries
to this Agreement.

**22.13.** Open Source. Provider Software distributed to Customer (if any) may
include third-party open source software (“**Open Source**”) as listed in the
Documentation or by Provider upon request. If Customer elects to use the Open
Source on a stand-alone basis, that use is subject to the applicable Open Source
license and not this Agreement.

**22.14.** Export. Each party (a) will comply with all export and import Laws in
performing this Agreement and (b) represents and warrants that it is not listed
on any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties or located in
(or a national of) a country subject to a U.S. government embargo or designated
by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country. Customer will not
submit to the Cloud Service any data controlled under the U.S. International
Traffic in Arms Regulations.

**22.15.** Government Rights. To the extent applicable, the Cloud Service is
“commercial computer software” or a “commercial item” for purposes of FAR 12.212
for and DFARS 227.7202. Use, reproduction, release, modification, disclosure or
transfer of the Cloud Service is governed solely by the terms of this Agreement,
and all other use is prohibited.

**23. Definitions**.

“**Acceptable Use Policy**” or “**AUP**” is defined in Section 9.1 (Compliance).

“**Additional Terms**” means any additions to or modifications of these Bonterms
Cloud Terms that the parties specify on the Cover Page.

“**Affiliate**” means an entity controlled, controlling or under common control
with a party, where control means at least 50% ownership or power to direct an
entity’s management.

“**Agreement**” has the meaning given in Section 1 (The Agreement).

“**Attachments**” means any attachments, policies or documents that the parties
specify on the Cover Page.

“**Bonterms Cloud Terms**” means these Bonterms Cloud Terms (Version 1.0).

“**Cloud Service**” means Provider’s proprietary cloud service, as identified in
the relevant Order and as modified from time to time. The Cloud Service includes
the Provider Software and Documentation but not Professional Services
deliverables or Third-Party Platforms.

“**Confidential Information**” means information disclosed by or on behalf of
one party (as discloser) to the other party (as recipient) under this Agreement,
in any form, which (a) the discloser identifies to recipient as “confidential”
or “proprietary” or (b) should be reasonably understood as confidential or
proprietary due to its nature and the circumstances of its disclosure.
Provider’s Confidential Information includes technical or performance
information about the Cloud Service, and Customer’s Confidential Information
includes Customer Data. Information on the Cover Page is each party’s
Confidential Information.

“**Cover Page**” means a Bonterms cover page or other document that (a)
incorporates these Bonterms Cloud Terms by reference, (b) specifies the Key
Terms and any Additional Terms and incorporates any Attachments and (c) is
signed by Customer and Provider.

“**Customer**” means the party identified as “Customer” on the Cover Page.

“**Customer Data**” means any data, content or materials that Customer
(including its Users) submits to its Cloud Service accounts, including from
Third-Party Platforms.

“**Customer Materials**” means materials and resources that Customer makes
available to Provider in connection with Professional Services.

“**Data Protection Addendum**” or “**DPA**” is defined in Section 5.3 (DPA).

“**Documentation**” means Provider’s standard usage documentation for the Cloud
Service.

“**Force Majeure**” means an unforeseen event beyond a party’s reasonable
control, such as a strike, blockade, war, pandemic, act of terrorism, riot,
third-party Internet or utility failure, refusal of government license or
natural disaster, where the affected party takes reasonable and customary
measures to avoid or mitigate such event’s effects.

“**High Risk Activities**” means activities where use or failure of the Cloud
Service could lead to death, personal injury or environmental damage, including
life support systems, emergency services, nuclear facilities, autonomous
vehicles or air traffic control.

“**Key Terms**” means Effective Date, Governing Law, Courts or other terms
specified by the parties as “Key Terms” on the Cover Page.

“**Laws**” means all laws, regulations, rules, court orders or other binding
requirements of a government authority that apply to a party.

“**Order**” means an order for Customer’s access to the Cloud Service, Support,
Professional Services or related services that is executed by the parties and
references this Agreement.

“**Personal Data**” means Customer Data relating to an identified or
identifiable natural person.

“**Professional Services**” means training, migration or other professional
services that Provider furnishes to Customer related to the Cloud Service.

“**Provider**” means the party identified as “Provider” on the Cover Page.

“**Provider Software**” means any proprietary apps or software that Provider
distributes to Customer as part of the Cloud Service.

“**Sensitive Data**” means (a) patient, medical or other protected health
information regulated by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
(as amended and supplemented) (“**HIPAA**”), (b) credit, debit, bank account or
other financial account numbers, (c) social security numbers, driver’s license
numbers or other government ID numbers and (d) special categories of data
enumerated in European Union Regulation 2016/679, Article 9(1) or any successor
legislation.

“**Service Level Agreement**” or “**SLA**” is defined in Section 7.2 (SLA).

“**Statement of Work**” means a statement of work for Professional Services that
is executed by the parties and references this Agreement.

“**Subscription Term**” means the term for Customer’s use of the Cloud Service
as identified in an Order.

“**Support**” means support for the Cloud Service as described in Section 7.1
(Support).

“**Support Policy**” is defined in Section 7.1 (Support).

“**Third-Party Platform**” means any product, add-on or platform not provided by
Provider that Customer uses with the Cloud Service.

“**Trials and Betas**” mean access to the Cloud Service (or Cloud Service
features) on a free, trial, beta or early access basis.

“**Usage Data**” means Provider’s technical logs, data and learnings about
Customer’s use of the Cloud Service, but excluding Customer Data.

“**User**” means anyone that Customer allows to use its accounts for the Cloud
Service, who may include (a) employees, advisors and contractors of Customer and
its Affiliates and (b) others if permitted in this Agreement, the Documentation
or an Order.

“**Virus**” means viruses, malicious code or similar harmful materials.

Bonterms Cloud Terms (Version 1.0) <br /> © 2022 Bonterms. Free to use under
[CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).<br /> Learn more:
[Bonterms](https://bonterms.com/)<br /> The publisher of this form does not
provide legal advice, does not guarantee the enforceability or effect of these
terms and has no liability relating to use of these terms.
